how to pass variable to docker compose file  - ans: arg
what is -it option in docker run
git stash
git squash
git cherry-pick
what is elasticip of ec2 instance
how to connect to aws ec2, s3 and onpremises db 
create metrics using cloudwatch alarm and use that for autoscaling memory 
diff b/w autoscaling and loadbalancerts
what is namespace in k8s
what are the monitoring tools in k8s
how to copy file from location machine to docker container
diff b/w git pull and fetch 
terraform import
terraform funtions 
diff b/w ecs and eks 
default network of docker container 
diff b/w docker CMD and ENTRYPOINT
what will be happen if particular resource failed in terraform state 
How to send packet between two docker containers
What is canary deployment in Kubernetes?
headless service in kubernetes ?
statepull set in kubernetes ?
staticpod in kubernets ? 
how to see logs of dead pod in kubernetes?
quorum concept in kubernetes?
what is cloudtrail/cloudfront in aws ?
server hardening ec2 aws ?
elastic transducers in aws ?
what is ddos attack?
ansible module idempotent ?
local-exec / remote-exec provisioner in ansible ? 
how to recover terraform state file?
why docker image size is reduce if layers are less ? what is the concept ? 
how to scale containers in docker / kubernetes ?
what is /usr in linux ?
what is daemon in linux ? how to configure it ?  ex: systemd 
How many ways we can connect to aws resources (ec2) with onprimesis (db) ? 1.ipsec (low bandwidth) , 2. direct connect 
what is NAT gateway ? 
What is Internet gateway ? 
Difference b/w security groups and ncl's ? both are firewalls, SG - ec2 instance level firewall , ncl - network level firewall 
How to pass module to Ansible ? 
What is role in ansible ? 
Config map in kubernetes?
What is the difference between vertical scaling and horizontal scaling ?
How to use previous module output as variable in another module in ansible ? 
What is git -c option ?
How to set separate agents for stages in Jenkins ?
How to execute command once previous resource execution is done in terraform ?
How to check resource exit status in terraform?
How to check env variables of pod ?
Deployment strategies in k8s ?
Canary deployment 
Blue green deployment 
Recreate 
Rolling update 
